.gitlab/issue_templates/new-template.md, before:

{Add a description of the template content type.}

{Optional: List any resources the templateer might consult while creating the template.}

## Link to Google Doc drafts
Our project composes rough draft of templates in Google Docs that are owned and maintained by the project leads. The Good Docs Project owns these files so that we can maintain our project archive and history. With that in mind, the project has pre-generated Google Doc files for you to use as you are researching and drafting your template project. These files include a starting point for the structure of each file that should help you as you draft the documents:

- [ ] **Template file** - [{Content type} file](link-to-Google-Doc)
- [ ] **Template guide** - [{Content type} guide](link-to-Google-Doc)
- [ ] **Template resources** - [{Content type} resources](link-to-Google-Doc)
- [ ] **Template process** - [{Content type} process](link-to-Google-Doc)

Bookmark these drafts and use them as you work on your project.

See the next section for more information about these files.


## Definition of done
A template project is considered complete when it has progressed through all the template writing phases and when it has all the required template file deliverables.

### Template writing phases
To be considered complete, a template project must progress through each template writing phase:

- [ ] **Research phase** - When you first start a template project, you begin by researching examples and best practices for that template project. This phase ends when you create your *resources* document for that template.
- [ ] **Rough draft phase** - After you conclude your research, you create drafts of your template file deliverables in Google Docs. This phase ends when you schedule your drafts for review by other members of your working group or community.
- [ ] **Community review phase** - When your template project is ready for review, your working group lead will schedule 1-2 sessions in the community where other members of the project will review and provide feedback on your template files deliverables. This phase ends after you incorporate the feedback into your draft and your drafts are in a final state.
- [ ] **Final review phase** - When your template is in a final state, you convert it from Google Docs into Markdown and [open a merge request](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/merge_requests/creating_merge_requests.html) to add your template to the templates repository. The template leads will review the template and possibly request additional changes. This phase ends when the template is merged into the repository.

After the final review phase, the template project is considered done. However, be aware that after it is merged, the template then goes to the Chronologue working group for testing. They will make a high quality example of the template and they may make additional changes to the template to improve its usability.

See the [Templates CONTRIBUTING guide](https://gitlab.com/tgdp/templates/-/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidance about these phases. You can also receive help from your working group leads and members about how to move your template project through each phase.


### Required template deliverables
To be considered complete, a template project must have the following four files:

- [ ] **Template file** - The raw template for the content type.
- [ ] **Template guide** - Provides a deeper explanation of how to fill in the template.
- [ ] **Template resources** - Includes the resources consulted during the research phase of creating the template. Also includes high quality examples of that content type that served as inspiration for the template.
- [ ] **Template process** - Explains best practices for researching, writing, and maintaining this content type.

After a template project is complete, our Chronologue working group will create an example of the template.

See the [Template deliverables guide](https://gitlab.com/tgdp/templates/-/blob/main/template-deliverables.md) for guidance about these files. You can also look at examples of other templates in the repository to see examples of each template file. Be aware that some templates might be missing some files.



## Want to work on this template?
Great! Make sure you follow our contributing guidelines:

1. Check that the template is unassigned. If it is assigned, you might be able to work with the current assignee as a paired writer.
2. Join The Good Docs Project by attending a [Welcome Wagon meeting](https://thegooddocsproject.dev/welcome/). You will get access to The Good Docs Project Slack workspace after scheduling or attending this meeting.
3. Read the [Templates CONTRIBUTING guide](https://gitlab.com/tgdp/templates/-/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).
4. You are strongly encouraged to join one of the [working groups](https://thegooddocsproject.dev/working-group/) to get valuable support from the community such as mentorship, Git training, and helpful feedback as you contribute to your first template.
5. Request access to the `templates` repository by joining the #tech-requests channel in Slack and posting a request.
6. [Assign yourself to an issue](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/issues/managing_issues.html#assignee) for the template that you want to work on.
7. Add the `Template phase:: Research` label to the issue.
8. Attend your template working group regularly to receive support and resources for your project.

Commit message:

Change name of method articles to tactic articles in Contributing guide and issue templates

.gitlab/issue_templates/new-template.md, after:

{Add a description of the template content type.}

{Optional: List any resources the templateer might consult while creating the template.}

## Link to Google Doc drafts
Our project composes rough draft of templates in Google Docs that are owned and maintained by the project leads. The Good Docs Project owns these files so that we can maintain our project archive and history. With that in mind, the project has pre-generated Google Doc files for you to use as you are researching and drafting your template project. These files include a starting point for the structure of each file that should help you as you draft the documents:

- [ ] **Template file** - [{Content type} file](link-to-Google-Doc)
- [ ] **Template guide** - [{Content type} guide](link-to-Google-Doc)
- [ ] **Template resources** - [{Content type} resources](link-to-Google-Doc)
- [ ] **Template process** - [{Content type} process](link-to-Google-Doc)

Bookmark these drafts and use them as you work on your project.

See the next section for more information about these files.


## Definition of done
A template project is considered complete when it has progressed through all the template writing phases and when it has all the required template file deliverables.

### Template writing phases
To be considered complete, a template project must progress through each template writing phase:

- [ ] **Research phase** - When you first start a template project, you begin by researching examples and best practices for that template project. This phase ends when you create your *resources* document for that template.
- [ ] **Rough draft phase** - After you conclude your research, you create drafts of your template file deliverables in Google Docs. This phase ends when you schedule your drafts for review by other members of your working group or community.
- [ ] **Community review phase** - When your template project is ready for review, your working group lead will schedule 1-2 sessions in the community where other members of the project will review and provide feedback on your template files deliverables. This phase ends after you incorporate the feedback into your draft and your drafts are in a final state.
- [ ] **Editorial review phase** - When your draft is in a state where you feel it is ready to get merged in, you can work with your working group lead to request an editorial team review. The template editorial team is composed of experienced members of the project who review your template project to ensure that it follows best practices for technical writing, has no major organization or structural issues, has no obvious gaps or missing content, is consistent with our style guide.
- [ ] **Final review phase** - When your template is in a final state, you convert it from Google Docs into Markdown and [open a merge request](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/merge_requests/creating_merge_requests.html) to add your template to the templates repository. The template leads will review the template and possibly request additional changes. This phase ends when the template is merged into the repository.

After the final review phase, the template project is considered done. However, be aware that after it is merged, the template then goes to the Chronologue working group for testing. They will make a high quality example of the template and they may make additional changes to the template to improve its usability.

See the [Templates CONTRIBUTING guide](https://gitlab.com/tgdp/templates/-/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidance about these phases. You can also receive help from your working group leads and members about how to move your template project through each phase.


### Required template deliverables
To be considered complete, a template project must have the following four files:

- [ ] **Template file** - The raw template for the content type.
- [ ] **Template guide** - Provides a deeper explanation of how to fill in the template.
- [ ] **Template resources** - Includes the resources consulted during the research phase of creating the template. Also includes high quality examples of that content type that served as inspiration for the template.
- [ ] **Template process** - Explains best practices for researching, writing, and maintaining this content type.

After a template project is complete, our Chronologue working group will create an example of the template.

See the [Template deliverables guide](https://gitlab.com/tgdp/templates/-/blob/main/template-deliverables.md) for guidance about these files. You can also look at examples of other templates in the repository to see examples of each template file. Be aware that some templates might be missing some files.



## Want to work on this template?
Great! Make sure you follow our contributing guidelines:

1. Check that the template is unassigned. If it is assigned, you might be able to work with the current assignee as a paired writer.
2. Join The Good Docs Project by attending a [Welcome Wagon meeting](https://thegooddocsproject.dev/welcome/). You will get access to The Good Docs Project Slack workspace after scheduling or attending this meeting.
3. Read the [Templates CONTRIBUTING guide](https://gitlab.com/tgdp/templates/-/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).
4. You are strongly encouraged to join one of the [working groups](https://thegooddocsproject.dev/working-group/) to get valuable support from the community such as mentorship, Git training, and helpful feedback as you contribute to your first template.
5. Request access to the `templates` repository by joining the #tech-requests channel in Slack and posting a request.
6. [Assign yourself to an issue](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/issues/managing_issues.html#assignee) for the template that you want to work on.
7. Add the `Template phase:: Research` label to the issue.
8. Attend your template working group regularly to receive support and resources for your project.
